Clean up storage/volumes.md (#49833)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

<!-- overview -->

Kubernetes _volumes_ provide a way for containers in a {{< glossary_tooltip text="pods" term_id="pod" >}}

> to access and share data via the filesystem. There are different kinds of volumes that you can use for different purposes,

Reviewer: The original wording is more idiomatic English, @windsonsea.

## Why volumes are important

- **Data persistence:** On-disk files in a container are ephemeral, which presents some problems for
  non-trivial applications when running in containers. One problem occurs when
  a container crashes or is stopped, the container state is not saved so all of the
  files that were created or modified during the lifetime of the container are lost.
  After a crash, kubelet restarts the container with a clean state.

- **Shared storage:** Another problem occurs when multiple containers are running in a `Pod` and
  need to share files. It can be challenging to set up
  and access a shared filesystem across all of the containers.

The Kubernetes {{< glossary_tooltip text="volume" term_id="volume" >}} abstraction
can help you to solve both of these problems.

Before you learn about volumes, PersistentVolumes and PersistentVolumeClaims, you should read up

> on {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="Pod" text="Pods" >}} and make sure that you understand how

Reviewer: I would keep the original text here too.

Kubernetes supports many types of volumes. A {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pod" >}}
can use any number of volume types simultaneously.

> [Ephemeral volume](/docs/concepts/storage/ephemeral-volumes/) types have a lifetime of a pod,

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
[Ephemeral volume](/docs/concepts/storage/ephemeral-volumes/) types have a lifetime linked to a specific Pod,
```

but [persistent volumes](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/) exist beyond

> the lifetime of a pod. When a pod ceases to exist, Kubernetes destroys ephemeral volumes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the lifetime of any individual pod. When a pod ceases to exist, Kubernetes destroys ephemeral volumes;
```

When a pod is launched, a process in the container sees a filesystem view composed from the initial contents of
the {{< glossary_tooltip text="container image" term_id="image" >}}, plus volumes
(if defined) mounted inside the container.
The process sees a root filesystem that initially matches the contents of the container image.
Any writes to within that filesystem hierarchy, if allowed, affect what that process views
when it performs a subsequent filesystem access.

> Volumes are mounted at [specified paths](#using-subpath) within the image.

Reviewer: (technical accuracy)
```suggestion
Volumes are mounted at [specified paths](#using-subpath) within the container filesystem.
```

The AzureDisk in-tree storage driver was deprecated in the Kubernetes v1.19 release
and then removed entirely in the v1.27 release.

The Kubernetes project suggests that you use the [Azure Disk](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azuredisk-csi-driver)
third party storage driver instead.

### azureFile (deprecated) {#azurefile}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.21" state="deprecated" >}}

The `azureFile` volume type mounts a Microsoft Azure File volume (SMB 2.1 and 3.0)

> in a pod.

Reviewer: I would keep the original text here.

You mount things "into" or "onto" or "on to". It's by analogy with the physical meaning of "mount".

For example, you can mount a painting on to a wall. You don't mount a painting in a wall.

volume plugin path on each node and in some cases the control plane nodes as well.

Pods interact with FlexVolume drivers through the `flexVolume` in-tree volume plugin.
For more details, see the FlexVolume

> [README](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-storage/flexvolume.md#readme) document.

Reviewer: Consider dropping this sentence.

Author: Ok, dropped.

## Mount propagation

{{< caution >}}
Mount propagation is a low-level feature that does not work consistently on all

> volume types. It is recommended to use only with `hostPath` or in-memory `emptyDir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
volume types. The Kubernetes project recommends only using mount propagation with `hostPath` or
memory-backed `emptyDir`
```

> volumes. See [this discussion](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/95049)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
volumes. See [Kubernetes issue #95049](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/95049)
```
